[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm Robert Grant, and
this is "The Code X."
I've had the opportunity
over my lifetime
to live in nine
different countries
and visit over 140
different countries.
I feel very blessed
and lucky to have
been able to see
the world like that.
In fact, I thought
the best way to learn
the cultures of those
countries was to actually learn
the languages.
So I've learned eight
languages in my lifetime,
and I speak five of
them fluently today.
Because of that view
of looking at the world
through the lens of language,
I looked very differently
at all the patterns in life
that I would come across.
This is true also
for mathematics.
And I started looking
very differently
at patterns in general.
I would always see things
that some of my colleagues
that I worked with would never
see in quite the same way.
And I thought that was just sort
of like a weird co-inky dink
in how I saw the world a
little bit differently.
But when I went to
Egypt and started
traveling to all
the ancient sites,
I couldn't help but notice
the numerous patterns
that were left behind
by the architects
and builders in living stone.
In 2019, I took a group
of about 50 people
to Egypt with me on
a discovery mission.
We went there following
the encryptions left to us
by Leonardo da Vinci embedded
inside the "Vitruvian Man,"
as well as the "La
Belle Ferronniére,"
the portrait of Anne Boleyn,
the mother of Queen Elizabeth I,
as well as "The
Last Supper" itself.
We realized on that trip
that the Last Supper
was a working map of
the king's chamber
in the Great Pyramid of Giza.
And we discovered while there
were eight new stone reliefs.
Another thing that we found was
right underneath the chevrons
at the original entrance
of the Great Pyramid.
In the basin, along with
my colleague Alan Green,
we found very ancient letters
written into this altar basin.
When asked later on what
these letters might mean,
they appear to be some form of
Proto-Hebraic, a language that
is more of a phonetic language
than hieroglyphics that might
actually point back to an
earlier language likened unto
Atlantean.
You can see these letters as
four symbols, a V, a circle
with a horizontal line, like the
Greek letter theta, three lines
that look like a
Chinese character,
and then two lines,
vertical in their position,
inscribed within a circle.
These letters, we are told by a
researcher who originally found
these letters, by the name
of Robert Schoch, the very
same geologist from Boston
University, who has dated
the Sphinx to being much older
than dynastic Egyptian times,
that would point to a
construction of the Giza
Plateau, at least
for the Sphinx,
somewhere along the
timeline of 2,500 BC,
actually showing that
through water erosion,
we can actually
date the Sphinx back
to something much older and
probably closer to 10,000 years
BC.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Robert Grant's discovery of
the symbols first found by Dr.
Robert Schoch, inscribed
into the stone basin beneath
the chevrons of the Great
Pyramid, begs the question,
what language has
been left here,
and what other enigmatic symbols
are waiting to be discovered
within the Great Pyramid
that will shed light upon
the mystery of the ages?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So we had the opportunity to
spend two nights in the Great
Pyramid, and I have actually
spent five nights in total
inside the Great Pyramid.
The Great Pyramid, at
night, is a magical place.
Something about
it speaks to you.
As we look through
history, the people
that prominently spent the
night inside the Great Pyramid
are some notable figures.
One of them was Julius Caesar.
He was said to have spent the
night in the Great Pyramid,
and came out of it in the
next morning a changed person.
Another person who spent the
night in the Great Pyramid
was Alexander the Great.
And additionally, we
have another person
who was spending time inside
the Great Pyramid that
is closer to our day, and his
name was Napoleon Bonaparte.
But Napoleon was famous
as well for having come up
with different forms of
geometric and mathematical
discovery.
In fact, there's
something called
the Napoleon, or
Bonaparte, constant,
and it was innovated
entirely by Napoleon himself.
In fact, before he was
exiled to Helena and Elba,
he was said to have been saying
to his friends and relatives
that his greatest dream would
be to go and focus solely
on mathematical and
scientific discovery.
What was it about spending the
night in the Great Pyramid that
had such an indelible impact on
these three massive characters
in our history?
We know that the Last
Supper has already
yielded for us many
things that we've
shown on our prior episode.
However, are there
potentially more things
hidden within the
Last Supper that we
can glean as another
additional message
that's been encrypted
through time by Leonardo?
One of the things that we cannot
get out of our minds is this
whole reference
to Bull Mountain.
The ancient name of the Great
Pyramid was Bull Mountain.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And the hieroglyphics
of it are the chevrons.
The chevrons, and of course,
the symbol of the Apis bull.
Now the Apis bull is
from another reference
to the same story of Osiris, and
Osiris' eventual resurrection.
Osiris had a fight
with Seth, and Seth
was able to defeat Osiris
and cut him into 14 parts.
And Leonardo's Vitruvian Man
was likewise cut into 14 parts.
As Leonardo cut
him into 14 parts,
we saw already
that the placement
of the horizontal lines
that he placed on the torso,
and on the knees, and then on
the head, at the eyebrow line,
as well as the
throat chakra line,
is pointing to
potentially new chambers
in the Great Pyramid that
have yet to be discovered.
And are there other
references to the bull and cow
in the Last Supper?
One of the things
that we discovered
inside the Great
Pyramid was actually
discovered by my wife Suzy.
She came over and she said,
hey, I think I found something
on the North wall.
Now the West wall is
what is the back wall
behind the sarcophagus,
but as you're
walking into the King's
Chamber and looking
at it as if it is the
Last Supper painting,
it would be on the right side.
Now to put this into
context, here we
are in the King's
Chamber, famously devoid
of any writing or
imagery on the walls,
and yet, we're finding a
6 and 1/2 foot wide bull.
And the reference of
the hieroglyphic writing
of the Great Pyramid
is Bull Mountain,
and Leonardo da Vinci
references it in his letter
to the Lieutenant of the
Devatdar of the Sultan of Cairo
as Bull Mountain as well.
And here on the North wall,
we are finding a bull.
As we looked at this
photographic footage, and film
footage later, we noticed
that not only was there a bull
to be seen on the right
wall, the North wall,
but we also noticed around
that bull is a larger cow.
And this larger cow extends
for, again, in total about 8
and 1/2 feet, from
left to right.
But as we look at this cow, we
can't help but ask ourselves,
what is going on, and how
could this have been missed?
As we looked at the imagery
as well from side footage,
you can see how the markings
of the cow and the bull
are almost burned, as if
by some type of technology
we don't know today,
and left into the wall,
albeit very clear for
us to be able to see it.
And I have seen
these images before,
but I never associated
it with a bull
or a cow 8 and 1/2 feet wide.
Now, this is not something
that's small, like the Alpha
Omega, but is it
potentially referencing
us back to the self same
images of the Alpha Omega
that we already discovered on
the rim of the sarcophagus?
Well, to understand
that, we have
to understand the
story of the Apis bull.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The iconic Egyptian
goddess Hathor was the mother
of the Apis bull.
She is often represented in
Egyptian art and mythology
as the omega symbol.
Most notably, when
looking at Hathor's hair,
the representation of the
omega symbol is clearly seen.
Also of note, the Apis bull is
represented by the letter A,
harkening us back once more to
the ubiquitous alpha and omega
symbols.
We are told, in the
story of the Apis bull,
that he had to learn to
sacrifice himself in order
to merge back into
his mother Hathor.
In essence, sacrificing
his own ego to be
reunited once again with
universal consciousness
for the greater good.
>> This process is also
represented in Saqqara,
and it also relates back to the
same process that Osiris had
to go through when
Isis, his wife,
put him back together again
such that he could be fully
resurrected.
And the symbology from
a hermetic perspective,
an esoteric standpoint, is that
the Great Pyramid represents
the place for the Apis bull
to allow his ego to die
and for him to be
re-risen, to rise again
in resurrection,
in the sarcophagus
as a new super conscious being.
This is symbology that you'll
find in many places in Egypt.
It is directly linked to
the same story of Osiris,
and this Apis bull
is representative
of that same experience.
So then that begs
the question, well,
wait a minute, if we have a
bull in a cow on the right wall,
or North wall, of the
King's Chamber, perhaps
is there a bull and
cow somehow hidden
in the right wall of The Last
Supper by Leonardo da Vinci?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
If we zoom in on this
fresco in Milan yet again,
and we notice that
the tapestries hanging
on the right wall are
actually embedding within them
a hidden pattern of a cow.
The two horns are
very prominent,
and you can even see the
nostrils and the ridge
of this cows back, extending
through the white section
of the painted wall, and
then into the tapestry that
is next to it.
So this would be the far
tapestries on the right side,
starting with the farthest
one going to the middle one.
We also noted that at the
top of these tapestries
seem to be writings.
We didn't know exactly
what those writings were,
but we could faintly make out
that on the middle tapestry,
at the very top, are
the numbers 2, 4, and 6.
We noticed clearly the image
of a cow embedded and hidden
within this tapestry, and the
adjacent tapestry, and the wall
structure.
But what about the bull inside?
Is there another cow, or bull,
hidden within this larger cow
that we see?
As we get closer and closer into
the white section in between,
we can very clearly notice
the image of a bull,
with a taurus symbol right in
the center of its forehead.
This is exactly matching
in the same location
on the right North wall
of the King's Chamber,
in the same position
in both the painting
and on the wall of
the King's Chamber.
A very large cow and bull
encrypted right into the wall.
Now why is it that Hathor
represents the omega, which
of course draws the conclusion
for us that the two things must
be irrevocably linked?
The alpha and omega on
the rim of the sarcophagus
must relate very directly
somehow through this story,
this mythological
story of the Apis bull
and Hathor, his mother, and
this notion of sacrificing
the ego in favor of a
higher consciousness,
sacrificing the separation in
favor of a unity consciousness.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
All of this is pointing back
to this same omega and alpha
symbol.
And if we look at the letter
A in the uppercase form,
it kind of looks like a pyramid.
And as we look at a lowercase
form of the letter A,
we notice that it can both be
an omega symbol when we simply
rotate it, or if we have it
in its normal lowercase form
as a letter A, it's just
the Greek letter alpha.
So very interestingly,
is it as simple
as that, that the masculine
form is just a flip in polarity
of the feminine
form, and that what
we're perceiving as
different and separate
might actually simply just be
our product of our own polarity
and perception?
And what about the symbol
of Mercury and Hermes?
Rosicrucianism, the rose cross,
and all of this symbolism
through alchemy through
many ages of time,
all the way back to
the "Epic of Gilgamesh"
seems to be pointing us
to this universal symbol
of a merger between the
representation of Venus
and the representation of
the aleph, or the bull.
Aleph is the Hebrew
name of the letter A.
And in Hebrew, there's
only 22 letters,
but the last letter is tav.
That got replaced with the omega
symbol in the Greek alphabet,
with 24 letters.
And in English, we have 26
letters in our Roman alphabet.
The omega represents fertility.
It represents the uterus, the
womb, and the fallopian tubes.
And this is also the symbolism
of the hair of the Hathor,
the Cow, the mother
of the Apis bull.
We were stunned to find
the exact same place
in both the King's Chamber,
as well as in the Last Supper
painting from over 500 years
ago in plain sight, the Apis
and the Hathor, tying
right back directly
through the symbology
and mythology
of the alpha and omega.
Again, pointing
us to the metaphor
that we also must give up
our egos and our separation--
to a certain extent,
our own individuality
or our belief of separation
from everyone else,
in order to experience
a unity consciousness,
and be born and reborn by
coming out of the sarcophagus,
just as Hermes
Trismegistus exhorts us
to do in the Emerald tablets.
He says, lay in my
sarcophagus, and I
will reveal unto you the
great mysteries in the Emerald
tablets of Thoth and
the Doreal translation.
Is Thoth also known as
the divine hermaphrodite,
the perfect balance
of consciousness
of the subconscious mind and the
conscious mind merging together
into unity consciousness,
ushering in a new reality
and a new experience
of less judgment,
less fear, less
scarcity, less struggle?
Another thing to note about
the sarcophagus, by the way,
is it actually relates to a very
important mathematical constant
and physics constant
that is possibly
the most universally mysterious
of all mathematical constants,
that is called the
Alpha constant.
>> In physics, the alpha,
or fine structure constant,
has a numerical
value of 1 over 137,
and is a fundamental physical
constant which quantifies
the strength of electromagnetic
interaction between elementary
charged particles.
>> 137.
The 33rd prime number.
In fact, the physicist
Richard Feynman
said that somehow, it appears
as though God has given us
this number, but we don't
know how he pushed his pencil.
137 and its reciprocal
value, which is 0.00729735,
is substantially
important as well
to the King's Chamber
and the sarcophagus.
I've mentioned before that
the length of the room
is 20 cubits, and the width
of the room is 10 cubits.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now, the cubit, as a unit
of measure, is 1.718 feet.
So when you measure the
perimeter of the room,
it turns out that
in meters, 60 cubits
is exactly pi times 10
meters, so 31.4159 meters,
to perfection.
Showing again, a very
direct relationship,
and also showing
some unification
in the builder's thinking of how
they built the pyramid pointing
to the possibility, at
least, that the foot cubit
and meter were all used in
the pyramid's construction,
challenging our very notion
of what the builders even
understood and knew
about our time today.
Just as I mentioned
before, the geocoordinates
of the Great Pyramid point us
to directly the speed of light
down to 1 meter per
second accuracy.
So there seems to
be more to find yet,
and maybe it points even more
back to the Ultimate Alpha
Omega itself, which is in
the symbolism of Mercury,
the messenger god, Thoth.
We also found on
the sarcophagus,
on the front side, another
eye of Ra on the right side.
And on the back side, we
found another eye of Horus.
Additionally, we found
a Tudor rose along
the rim of the sarcophagus, just
adjacent to both the compass
that was just underneath the
Alpha Omega, as well as a tau
cross and a flower of life.
You heard me, a flower
of life on the back side
of the sarcophagus that
is prominently displayed
when we know what to look for.
Additionally, we found more
geometry above the entryway.
Another tau cross, another
reference to the ros tau.
One of the things
that is also very
interesting about this room,
and about the sarcophagus
in general, is that the
dimensions of the sarcophagus,
if we take it and stack it on
its side, and we stack it from
left to right, it will fit
perfectly five sarcophagi
along the floor.
And we can stack six
sarcophagi on top of each other
up to the ceiling.
Now, if we continue
to fill the room out
with those stacked sarcophagi,
guess how many sarcophagi
will fit inside that room?
137.
And in fact, it turns
out to be 137 and 1/2,
which is the same number
as the golden angle, which
is fundamental to phyllotaxis,
and flowers, and sunflower
seeds, and all of
the things that we
observe in nature around us.
But when you take out the empty
space inside the sarcophagus,
it comes down to exactly
the Alpha constant,
the ratio being 1 over 137.
Now, if we go back and look
at the ancient name of God,
in Hebrew it is written
as Yud, Hei, Vav, Hei.
These letters seem
like the letters
that we've all seen
many times over,
and are referenced in the
Bible as the name of God, which
is not intended to be spoken,
and is pronounced yahweh.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
To our surprise,
what we also noticed
is that the Hei
in Yud Hei Vav Hei
is actually the symbol for
a mathematical constant
we all know as pi.
Is it possible that
this is an equation?
And what would the
equation read as?
Because the Yud and the
Vav look like the number 7.
Now interestingly, if
we took that and read it
as an equation,
the equation would
read pi to the seventh
power, and pi times 7.
Pi times 7 is just under 22,
and pi to the seventh power
is 3,020, which is one
of the measured values
of the perimeter of the Great
Pyramid in feet, 3,020 feet.
Now some would say that
because it's 440 cubits, that
would lead us to 756 feet.
And what would
that be telling us?
756 then would say that
we multiply that by 4,
and we would end up
with 3,024, which
is remarkably close to 3,020,
which would assume sort of 755
feet and just a little bit.
If we run this
equation as division,
pi to the seventh power, divided
by pi times 7, is equal to 137.
And if we look
differently at yahweh,
you could even look
at it as TH, TH.
In Hebrew, it's not
necessary to show the letter
because it's only consonants.
There's no vowels that appear
in the Hebrew language.
So if we were to look
at this as TH, TH,
then it would be represented
as having an O in between.
Is this name even of
Yahweh, Yud Hei Vav Hei,
pointing us to the same
dimensional proportions
of the sarcophagus in
the King's Chamber?
And all the things that we have
found and are yet still finding
that relate and point
us back from this map
within the Last Supper of this
enigmatic and mysterious room,
is it pointing even to
more for us to understand?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Is this an unfolding encryption
that we're only barely
scratching the surface on?
That's what I believe.
And I believe it's leading
us to remember who we are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]